README.md, before:

# The Largest River Bookstore with ReactJS, Node.js and YugabyteDB

This project is a bookstore that leverages multiple database configurations. A control panel contains a map display of database nodes and an x-ray panel with information about database queries and latencies. The application is built on React.js, Node.js and YugabyteDB.

## Dev Journal

This is an ongoing project, so, expect the source code and description to change significantly over the time. The development journey is documented in the following series:

[The Largest River Blog](https://dev.to/bretthoyer/series/19070)

## Deployment Options

The application can be started in several environments.

| Deployment Type                      | Description                                                                                                                         |
| ------------------------------------ | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Your Laptop](local_deployment.md)   | Deploy the entire app with all the components (React.js, Node.js, YugabyteDB) on your local machine.                                |
| [Google Cloud](gcloud_deployment.md) | Deploy the application in the cloud native way across multiple geographic location using Google Cloud infrastructure and resources. |

Commit message:

Adding Gitpod option to readme

README.md, after:

# The Largest River Bookstore with ReactJS, Node.js and YugabyteDB

This project is a bookstore that leverages multiple database configurations. A control panel contains a map display of database nodes and an x-ray panel with information about database queries and latencies. The application is built on React.js, Node.js and YugabyteDB.

## Dev Journal

This is an ongoing project, so, expect the source code and description to change significantly over the time. The development journey is documented in the following series:

[The Largest River Blog](https://dev.to/bretthoyer/series/19070)

## Deployment Options

The application can be started in several environments.

| Deployment Type                      | Description                                                                                                                         |
| ------------------------------------ | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
|[![Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/BrettHoyer/the-largest-river) | A sandboxed environment for running The Largest River in the cloud. Fork this repository to utilize this option with write access.
| [Your Laptop](local_deployment.md)   | Deploy the entire app with all the components (React.js, Node.js, YugabyteDB) on your local machine.                                |
| [Google Cloud](gcloud_deployment.md) | Deploy the application in the cloud native way across multiple geographic location using Google Cloud infrastructure and resources. |
